Mandatory part
IV.1 Creating the image of your NFT
In order to create a non-fungible token, there are several technical requirements that
must be met.
You are free to choose the representation of your non-fungible token.
Your only constraint is to include the number 42 in it. It is of
course forbidden to use insulting terms or images under penalty of
punishment.
For example, this image is not good as the 42 is incorrectly displayed, while the other
images in the topic are correct:
Your image must be stored using distributed registry technology
(IPFS, for example)
5
TokenizeArt Build your own NFT
IV.2 Deploying your contract
You must create a README.md file at the root of your repository explaining the choices
you made and the reasons behind them.
The language used is of course free, but you must respect the
standards of the blockchain you are going to use (for example ERC721
for ETH, or BEP-721 for BSC).
First and foremost, you will need to choose a blockchain platform that supports the
creation of non-fungible token. There are many different options to choose from, each
with its own unique features and capabilities.
You must also manage the metadata for your NFT (the artist’s name
must be your login and the name must include 42 and a title).
Once you have selected a platform, you will need to become proficient in the pro-
gramming language used by that platform in order to develop your non-fungible token.
Different platforms use different programming languages, so you will need to ensure that
you have the necessary skills to work with the language of your chosen platform such as
IDE, Truffle, Remix or Hardhat.
Make sure you understand what you are doing. You will never be asked
to use real money or your coins for this project. There are test
chains to avoid this problem, such as the BSC Testnet chain
You must submit the code used to create your non-fungible token in a code folder
located at the root of your repository. You should be careful to comment your code and
to use readable and explicit variable/function names.
During your evaluation there will be a code review.
You must be very careful about how you demonstrate the operation of your non-
fungible token. You must be able to perform minimalist actions to demonstrate its
operation. You need to think about all aspects of security such as ownership or privileges.
6
TokenizeArt Build your own NFT
IV.3 Mint your NFT
You should also place all the necessary files for the deployment of your non-fungible token
in a second folder with a name of your choice
After you have minted your non-fungible token on a public blockchain, please mention
the public address and the network used in your Git repository. You should be able to
display your NFT.
you need to be able to confirm the owner of an NFT, for example using
the ownerOf function in Solidity.
Finally, you should have a folder containing the documentation for this project. This
folder, named documentation, should be located at the root of your repository. It should
be possible to understand how it works and what is needed to use your non-fungible token.
You will need to have a clear understanding of how your NFT will be used and what
it will represent. This may require the development of a whitepaper or other documen-
tation outlining the features and functionality of your non-fungible token.
You must take the time to make a clear and explicit documentation.
This will be reviewed during your evaluation.
Consider also creating a demo video to showcase your NFT and its features to poten-
tial users and investors.
If you want to make a video demo you do not have to push the video to
your repository; a simple link will suffice! Creating a demo video
is not required. You will not get a better grade by creating this
video.
Below is an example of the expected directory structure:
$> ls -al
total XX
drwxrwxr-x 3 eagle eagle 4096 avril 42 20:42 .
drwxrwxrwt 17 eagle eagle 4096 avril 42 20:42 ..
-rw-rw-r-- 1 eagle eagle XXXX avril 42 20:42 README.md
drwxrwxr-x 3 eagle eagle 4096 avril 42 20:42 code
drwxrwxr-x 3 eagle eagle 4096 avril 42 20:42 deployment
drwxrwxr-x 3 eagle eagle 4096 avril 42 20:42 mint
drwxrwxr-x 3 eagle eagle 4096 avril 42 20:42 documentation
7
Chapter V
Bonus part
Here are some bonuses that could be very useful :
• A beautiful NFT
• A website where you can mint your NFT with a graphical interface
• You need to manage your NFT Inscriptions, i.e. store your metadata and image
storage directly on-chain
